yeah
it is but the problem is that I've
sprayed this one so don't eat it but
they are that's a good point actually
capsicum annuum ornamental peppers are
very spicy because the only problem is
they're not really all that tasty or
edible they're not bred for taste or for
the amount of spice if they have the
rather bread for the way that they look
so typically ornamental peppers are
extremely hot but don't taste very good
so people don't like to eat them all
that much okay it's got a typical pepper
like foliage on it you see the sort of
light not nice dark green foliage with
sort of the lanceolate shape to it okay
and you see here actually I didn't know
we had any more flowers what we do
this is a typical pepper flower okay see
there yeah they're very small because of
this particular plants it's relatively
small peppers but you typically see a
small flower there anyways these six
little petals they're why that's always
the color of pepper flowers and then
obviously you see the fruit that occur
there and the only reason that
ornamental peppers are used is for the
fruit so there are a number they're so
variable from one to another we see some
peppers that are rounded we see some
peppers that are this cylindrical look
some peppers that are much larger than
this and sort of cylindrical some
peppers that are cylindrical like that
but they're twisted so they sort of have
a
and a nice little texture will change to
them one I can think of Clopas one
called Medusa yeah it's sort of a a
rounded mound but the peppers are
twisted and it sort of looks like
Medusa's head so there's a number of
different cultivars you can imagine the
different types of fruits so then you
can imagine the different growth habits
some of them are nice rounded mounds
like this one likely be maybe a foot
foot and a half tall max some of them
are 4 or 5 foot tall and or upright okay
so it's very unique very variable from
one to another you just have to sort of
know or annul pepper look for the great
nice dark green foliage with the
lanceolate look look for a small white
flowers that occur and then look for the
fruit which is pretty obvious okay